llm-proxy: add initial docs on configuring access, service accounts (#6950)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/teams/cody/llm-proxy/index.md

- `completions.sourcegraph.com` - for production usage
- `completions.sgdev.org` - for development and testing

Contents:

- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [Service images](#service-images)
- [Access](#access)
- [Operation](#operation)

## Architecture

See [LLM Proxy: working design](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fAKuYM02vRfn-QAmcu38QWmtQ797g1TA3L6CNs0rFps/edit#) for the current state of LLM proxy architecture.

## Service images

Source code for LLM Proxy is in [`sourcegraph/sourcegraph/enterprise/cmd/llm-proxy`](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/tree/main/enterprise/cmd/llm-proxy).
The image gets built the same as any other Sourcegraph service, i.e. with `insiders` and the standard `main`-branch tags.

## Access

Access to `completions.sourcegraph.com` can be provisioned with the following steps:

> 1. Go to [site admin: product subscriptions](https://sourcegraph.com/site-admin/dotcom/product/subscriptions)

Reviewer: Throughout our docs, we tend to use `>` to describe page path in bold

```suggestion
1. Go to [**Site admin > Subscriptions**](https://sourcegraph.com/site-admin/dotcom/product/subscriptions)
```

2. Find and open a subscription of interest
3. Under "Cody services":
   1. Enable access to hosted completions
   2. If desired, configure a custom rate limit
   3. Copy the generated access token

On the Sourcegraph instance, configure `llmproxy` as the completions provider:

```json
{
  "completions": {
    "accessToken": "REDACTED",
    "enabled": true,
    "model": "claude-v1",
    "provider": "llmproxy"
  }
}
```

> > NOTE: Changes in product subscription, such as enabling access and configuring custom rate limits, may take some time to propagate.

Reviewer: nit: instead of saying "some", are we comfortable saying an upper limit? e.g. "up to 5 minutes". So it's clear when is the time to reach out for help.

Author: The current default interval is 2m:

```suggestion
> NOTE: Changes in product subscription, such as enabling access and configuring custom rate limits, may take around 2 minutes to propagate.
```
